Previously on Homeland...
I'm tired of fighting.
Me, too.
Carrie knows, right,
everything about you?
She accepts it.
(voice breaking):
You must love her a lot.
This deal of ours...
I think it's a way out
for both of us.
You know how crazy
everyone says you are?
You're crazier than that.
(laughs)
SAUL:
Not too many months ago
you told me
you were in love with him.
Yeah, and I was more than
a little unstable then.
Carrie's been in an
accident. D.C. Police found
her car on 17th Street all
smashed up; it was broadsided.
Is she hurt?
They can't find her.
What the fuck have you done
to Carrie?
If you want to help her, you
will do exactly as I tell you.
Walden has a bad heart.
His pacemaker can
be accessed wirelessly.
Send me the number
or I will kill her.
(grunting)
Call a doctor.
I'm killing you.
What I did
to get Nazir
to let you go...
it was you or Walden,
Carrie.
What if Nazir didn't run
and we're looking
in all the wrong places?
So, what are the right places?
Back in the tunnels.
(both grunting)
I got him.
You tell Estes, no matter
how many bullshit charges
he trumps up, I'm on to him.
You know what
this is really about?
Planning a hit on Brody.
How you going to do on the
polygraph when they ask
if you ever executed a member
of Congress?
Oh, it's all coming
back to me.
(chuckles)
The good, the
bad, the ugly?
(sighs)
It wasn't dull.
Ah, watch the wrists.
Wounded warrior.
It's not like last time, though.
There's no
secrets now.
Scary?
No, it's just...
Easier?
(laughing):
Well, that should be
a good thing, right?
(laughs)
Yeah.
Anyway, um, we should get
firewood, make up the bed.
Sure.
(phone buzzing)
Yeah.
You on him?
Yup.
And?
He's not alone.
As soon as he is, I'll take him.
And he disappears.
I know what I'm doing.
Who's he with?
Does it matter?
It's Carrie, right?
Yeah.
Jesus, she's unbelievable.
You never made a bad move
in your romantic life?
Call me every two hours.
(beeps off)
(clatters)
(bird whistling)
Uh, do something
with these.
(sighs)
(humming)
Ha, ha.
I'm funny.
Well,
now I know.
(sighs)
(opens and closes chamber)
A souvenir from our last visit.
How sweet.
(sighs deeply)
(chuckles)
Hey, let's take a walk.
So you guys own
this place, right?
From my mom's family.
They'd come here
every summer.
Where's your mom now?
The day I left
for college,
she told my dad she
was going to CVS
and she never
came back.
Wow, did you see
that coming?
Well, my dad was
pretty impossible.
He has what I have, but he
just wouldn't get treated.
Uh-huh.
So there'd be a
message in the stars,
and he'd have
to buy a camper
and drive us all out to the
Great Lakes for the miracle.
It was that kind of thing.
But now he's on meds?
Yeah, and he's good.
He's, he's well.
And your mom?
You'd think I'd hate
her-- Maggie does--
but I understand.
I mean, living with
that can eat you up.
Has she reached out
to you since?
No, that part...
does hurt.
Thanks for telling me.
You're the first one.
(sighs)
(door opens)
(door closes)
Did you call
Carrie Mathison?
No, but, uh, got you
an extra milk.
Something terrible
is going down
right now.
An assassination.
You know I got to report
everything
that you say in here, right?
Report it.
Shout it from
the rooftops.
(sighs)
Saul, just being honest--
you sound a little nutty.
Would you please
just call Carrie?
You know
I can't do that.
Why not?
Why not have a
mind of your own,
do me a favor despite
your fucking orders?
'Cause then I'd be
where you are.
Thanks for the milk.
(sighs)
So, how do I apply
to become your cabin boy?
Oh, that's a coveted spot.
Naturally.
Full-time?
Live-in.
Do the cooking, do the laundry.
(pouring)
I do hate laundry.
Keep the lady of the
house stimulated.
Intellectually.
(chuckles)
You're hired.
(laughs)
(sniffs)
Want to talk
about it for real?
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Well, what are
your plans?
If I don't get
the cabin boy job?
(laughing):
Yeah.
Well...
I'm not going to be
a congressman.
You got any other skills?
Um...
yeah, I could be a builder.
Maybe a teacher.
My only real plan for now
is to be a good person again.
You are a good person.
I really have a
second chance.
I never thought
that was possible.
A clean slate.
And I have you.
At least, at this
moment, I have you.
(sighs)
Well, if we were
really serious...
Well, let's just
say we are.
(sighs)
I would have
a clean slate, too.
Because you wouldn't
go back to the CIA.
Oh, I couldn't.
And there's the rub.
Well... yes.
(sighs)
They ask you back?
Uh, no,
not yet, but...
You know, I know how
much you love it there.
Yeah, but,
but the thing is...
No, I understand, I do.
No, you interrupted me.
Sorry.
The thing is, Brody...
I also love...
Careful.
...being with you.
Is it possible?
I don't know.
I mean, your past...
and my illness.
I'm not scared of that.
You should be.
Why?
I told you, it's hard.
It's ugly.
Well, you're not scared of
the ugly things I've done.
I am, though.
You do scare me,
Brody.
Um...
Look...
(sighs)
You might be right.
Maybe all this will end
in tears.
Or...
we might make it?
Mmm.
(crickets chirping)
(insects chirping)
(duck quacks, birds singing)
(sighs)
Don't leave.
(laughs)
I'll be back with croissants.
In that case, get out of here.
(laughs)
(birds singing,
insects chirping)
(screen door squeaks shut)
(engine starts)
♪ ♪
(sighs)
(speaking Arabic)
(Brody continues
speaking Arabic)
(speaking Arabic)
Brody?
Morning.
Real life interferes today.
I know.
Back we go.
I was thinking,
in the car...
Yeah?
About you.
And?
And me.
(sighs)
It's up to you.
I'm in.
I have to, uh...
Think?
Yeah.
I wish I could have both--
you and the job.
I know.
But...
I know, I know.
And I'll understand,
whatever you decide.
I'm gonna go
to my sister's tonight,
see them, just play this out.
Sure.
(sighs)
But we could be
happy, couldn't we?
(laughs)
Imagine that.
(soft grunt)
(sighs heavily)
Shit!
Is it done?
No.
No?
The vice president's dead.
I'm aware.
And Brody's
resigning his seat.
You're telling me things I know.
So there's no threat
to the nation.
He'll never rise politically.
Are you suddenly an analyst,
Quinn?
No.
I'm a guy who kills bad guys.
And you have an assignment
you've apparently fucked up.
Brody's information
was good.
So fucking what?
Perfect, actually.
We got Nazir because of him.
As for Carrie,
I have never seen a better
intelligence officer.
Killing Brody
would kill her.
What is all this
squishy bullshit?
So the only reason
to kill Brody now is for you.
To cover
your ass.
And the
collateral damage
would be to wreck a woman
you've already wrecked
once before.
And I ain't doing that.
No.
Fine... if you're not up
to the task.
Nothing happens to Brody.
Or?
Or you'll find me back in
this bedroom one night.
Right back in that chair.
'Cause I'm a guy
that kills bad guys.
(footsteps retreating)
(phone ringing)
Hi, Brody.
How's it going?
Um, fine. Fair.
Yeah.
Hey, look, uh,
there's a memorial for Walden
at the CIA later today.
Brody, I can't go with you.
I know.
I mean...
BRODY:
No. It's fine.
That's fine. I just need
to come by, get my suit.
Oh. Okay.
Well, uh,
Chris has a game at 12:00.
We'll be gone
till 2:00.
All right, I'll come by then.
How is Chris?
He's not eating
very much.
(Jessica sighs over phone)
It's weird.
And Dana?
We're fine, Brody.
We're just, um...
trying to get on.
Yeah. Right.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
(billiard balls clack)
MAN:
I can do
the outside.
(laughter)
Uh-huh.
You're not
the only one ahead.
Right.
♪ Yes, it's true... ♪
Hey.
Can I buy you a beer?
Why not?
(sighing)
♪ Never had so much trouble... ♪
Two Rolling Rocks--
this guy's favorite.
'Cause I'm cheap.
Always were.
(sighs)
So,
is this a peace negotiation?
I'm not at
war with you.
Good.
Mike...
we're splitting up--
me and Jess.
Jesus. It's tough?
Yeah. It's best
for everyone.
You took care of 'em
for eight years when I was gone.
last week when I couldn't.
It's no trouble.
You can keep
taking care of them.
If you want.
Because I can't right now.
This isn't the way
it was supposed to go.
No.
Thanks.
Fuck.
Well, if it isn't Javert.
You can go.
I can go?
That's what I said.
(sighs)
Oh, goddamn it.
Is he dead?
Did you kill Brody?
No.
I decided you were right.
He held up his end,
so we'll hold up ours.
So I called it off.
What took you so fucking long?
I needed to cool off.
I needed to sit here for
three days while you did?
Watch your step.
Why?
Gonna bring out your big,
bad report on me?
Your five-alarm warning,
what a dangerous fucking
figure Saul Berenson is?
The report is being
redacted as we speak.
Why?
Why, David?
Maybe I'm just giving
an old guy a break.
(creaks)
♪ ♪
No soccer for you?
I wanted to stay here.
How're you doing?
Bad.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Where are you going?
To a ceremony for
Finn Walden's dad.
Will Finn be there?
Probably.
You remember that day that
you were dressing in here,
and you wanted me to leave?
I'm not sure...
It was the day that
that lady came.
Carrie.
Okay.
You never care if I'm in here
while you're getting ready.
And then...
what she said
about a bomb...
...and you wanting
to hurt people.
That the war had
messed you up...
Dana. Look...
It adds up, is the thing.
It is the only thing
that makes sense.
I don't want to lie to you.
Then don't.
She isn't crazy, is she?
Carrie? No.
She's not.
So you were going to
do those things.
But I didn't.
And I wouldn't now.
Oh, my God.
Hey...
Look, I was screwed up.
That's why I hurt your mom.
And you guys.
It is like you just
don't know anyone.
Hey.
You know me.
Dana...
Hey.
Well, you look nice.
I'm overseeing
Nazir's ceremony.
Mm. Burial at sea?
Seems to be the method
of choice these days.
Want to come along?
Oh, I promised Brody I'd see
him at the memorial service.
Then walk me out, at least.
Yeah.
This'll put you in line to be
the youngest station chief
in the history of the Agency.
How on earth did you
swing this with Estes?
I haven't.
Not yet, anyway.
Well, what makes you
think he'll play ball?
Because you deserve it.
Plus he owes me.
He does?
Does that have anything
to do with where you've been
the last three days?
That's a long story.
Wow.
I mean...
Station chief?
Why do you not look thrilled?
I...
I just have to
think about it.
What's to think about?
Look, you know
the struggles that I have.
Which you're
managing very well.
(sighs)
Well, sometimes I think about
a more balanced life, is all.
This is your life.
Well, I've always
believed that, but...
What's changed?
Brody.
I thought you said
your eyes were open.
My eyes are open.
Brody has kept every
promise he's made to us.
Without him, we never
would have rolled up
Nazir or his network.
He's a man who put on
a suicide vest, Carrie.
That's who he is.
That's who he always will be.
I know everything he is.
But it's...
it's complicated.
No, it's crystal clear.
You cannot be with him.
Who are you to say that to me?
You can do whatever you want.
An intelligence officer can't.
Don't you think I know that?
So you're choosing
him over us?
I don't know!
You're throwing
your life away.
Or maybe I'm-I'm just not
giving it away, to this place.
Maybe...
maybe I want other things.
Like a terrorist in your bed.
And maybe I don't want to be
alone my whole fucking life!
Like me.
Like you. 'Cause it doesn't
look that great, Saul.
How does it feel?
You don't know
a goddamned thing.
You're the smartest and
the dumbest fucking person
I've ever known.
Sir.
Excuse me.
Nick.
Cynthia.
Sorry.
I'm behind a lot
of Xanax here.
That's okay.
You want me to
see you to your seat?
Please.
All right.
Hello, Finn.
Hi, Mr. Brody.
Tell Dana I said hi.
I will.
Anything else I can
do for you?
No. I'm fine, thank you.
Okay.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah.
(sighs)
(speaking Arabic)
ESTES:
...a man of conviction.
A man of principle.
It was Bill Walden who coined
the phrase "Fortress America,"
who led this Agency
out of its darkest hour,
and in the process,
transformed the very way we
defend ourselves here at home.
It was Bill Walden who
championed a fledgling
drone program,
which has since
degraded al-Qaeda
to the point of irrelevance.
And it was Bill Walden who
laid the groundwork
for the operations
that took out Osama bin Laden
and Abu Nazir.
(applause)
(speaking Arabic)
Allahu Akbar.
I've decided,
and I want to be with you.
What, now? Or...?
Both.
(speaking Arabic)
CHAPLAIN:
Amen.
We honor your husband
for all he has done
for this agency
and for this great country.
What made you
change your mind?
You did.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Why the sad look then?
I'm not sad.
The opposite.
That's weird.
What?
Somebody moved my car.
What are you talking about?
I didn't park it there.
I parked in Lot C.
Oh, fuck.
...the president joins me
in expressing
his deepest sadness...
(massive explosion)
(seagulls calling)
Carrie?
(chambering round)
Don't.
You.
Move.
What are you doing?
Shut up.
Carrie.
I said, shut up!
(panting):
Oh... Oh...
Oh, my God.
This isn't me, Carrie.
I didn't do this.
Bullshit!
I swear to you...
Don't!
For Christ's sake, Carrie.
Listen to me. Look at me.
Why would I do this?
I can't see into your
fucking soul, Brody!
Yes, you can.
It was in your car.
I didn't know!
I don't believe you.
Carrie?
I'm gonna stand up now,
really slowly.
So if you want to shoot me,
go ahead.
It was Nazir who did this.
It had to be.
Nazir is dead.
Yeah, he is.
So what the fuck are
you talking about?
He played us all
from the beginning.
How, by letting himself
get killed?
Why not?
Because it's insane!
Think about it.
Think about it,
Carrie.
What better way to make us
to drop our guard?
Dam Neck was never the target.
Roya and her crew
were sacrificed.
No.
It was always
Walden with him.
It was always the CIA.
Nazir would've died
a thousand deaths
to make this day happen.
Carrie?
(muttering):
Oh, shit.
Are you okay?
You okay, Carrie?
You...
You okay?
Hey. Hey.
(sobbing):
This isn't fucking happening.
(sirens approaching)
Hey.
(grunts, groans)
(panting)
It wasn't me.
We have to go.
What do you mean? Go where?
No one else
will believe you.
We have to go.
We have to go right now.
(gasps)
TV REPORTER:
...details emerging now
about the massive explosion
that ripped through Langley
25 minutes ago.
Although we have
no confirmation,
several sources are reporting
that this was an act of terror
targeting the memorial service
for Vice President Walden.
Oh, my God,
I can't get through.
The lines are down
at Langley, too.
Mom.
TV REPORTER:
...including Secretary of
Defense Richard Halstead,
Secretary of
Homeland Security...
(knock at door)
You guys stay here.
It's about Brody?
Ma'am, I'm Agent Hall.
We have a situation.
Can we come inside?
Is he alive?
Major, please
step aside.
Not until you tell us
what the hell is going on.
We need to search
the premises.
Where's your warrant?
Major, don't make a scene.
Don't force me to make one.
Just step aside.
I don't understand.
What's happening?
Please. Just let us
do our job.
TV REPORTER:
...from the president saying,
"The explosion today
at Langley is a tragedy."
Hang on.
"The victims and their families
are in our deepest prayers."
(keys jangling)
What are we doing here?
Activating my insurance policy.
Fuck.
Here, let me help.
A friend, June, will meet
us at the border.
She'll drive us
up to Montreal,
where we get onto
a fishing boat
which takes us up
to Newfoundland.
From there, we
board a freighter
which will take us into
international waters.
It's the, uh, gold key.
This one here?
Yeah.
Shit.
Jesus.
My mom taught me to
save for a rainy day.
"Ellen Kramer."
I'm guessing that's not an
agency-approved cover.
You'll have to be
someone else, too.
We'll stop on the way.
The guy who makes these
is expensive,
but nobody owns him.
WOMAN:
Mr. Berenson,
Sloane Nelson.
I'm with Defense.
The acting secretary
sent me to facilitate
between the Bureau
and the Agency.
How many dead?
We'll be pulling out bodies
for the next couple days.
How many so far?
Almost 200.
Survivors?
Twenty-seven.
Most have already been
taken to Sibley Memorial.
Who's tracking the names?
There's a list
in the triage tent.
Show me.
This way, sir.
Cynthia Walden is
confirmed dead.
Their son, Finn,
was killed as well.
Okay.
David Estes,
also deceased.
I don't see Carrie Mathison
on either list.
She's unaccounted for.
But she was present.
Yes, sir.
You see anyone walking
away from this scene?
No, sir.
So she's presumed dead?
Don't fucking sugarcoat it.
I understand you were
close to her.
Congressman Brody was at
the ceremony as well.
He's also presumed dead,
but there's something else.
What's that?
Preliminary forensics suggest
the bomb was in his car.
Brody's car?
The forensics team is
waiting to give you
a full debrief so you can
brief the president.
Me?
You're the ranking officer
on site, sir.
You're in charge.
Give me a minute, please?
Of course.
We'll be in C Wing.
(dialing cell)
(phone ringing)
(over recording):
Hi, it's Carrie Mathison.
Leave a message.
(beep)
Carrie,
it's me.
I'm looking for you.
Please call me back.
WOMAN:
...the damage this attack
has done
to the highest echelons
of American intelligence...
I can't listen
to this anymore.
How are you doing? Okay?
Yeah.
Do you want me
to drive for a while?
No, we're almost there.
(knocking)
Ellen.
Mike.
Stand here.
And, uh, don't smile.
(sighs)
(sniffs)
MIKE:
So, we're doing
the whole disappearing act,
right? Passport,
driver's license,
birth certificate?
How long will it take?
MIKE:
How long do I have?
HALL:
So the Congressman doesn't
actually live here anymore?
JESSICA (sighs):
No.
How much longer
are you gonna be?
When did he move out?
Thursday.
But he was here
earlier today?
I told you all of this already.
He needed a suit
for the memorial.
He didn't do it.
Excuse me?
I mean, that's what
you're all saying,
isn't it?
Nobody's saying that, Dana.
Don't take sides, Mom.
I'm not taking sides.
No, it is obvious what they
think and they're wrong.
What makes you so sure?
Because I was here,
and I talked to him.
And?
And... he was fine.
He was totally fine.
What did you two talk about?
Nothing. Just...
normal stuff.
How'd the conversation end?
It was not like he
said good-bye for good,
if that's what you mean.
HALL:
How do you know?
Because I know.
CHRIS:
Look.
It's Dad on TV.
BRODY:
People will say
I was broken,
I was brainwashed.
People will say that I was
turned into a terrorist,
taught to hate my country.
I love...
my country.
What I am...
is a marine,
like my father before me
and his father before him.
And as a marine,
I swore an oath to defend
the United States of America
against enemies
both foreign and domestic.
My action this day
is against
such domestic enemies.
MIKE:
Turn it off, Chris.
No.
We need to see this.
All of us.
...security team, who I know
to be liars and war criminals.
Responsible for atrocities they
were never held accountable for.
This is about justice
for 82 children
whose deaths were never
acknowledged,
and whose murder is a stain
on the soul
of this nation.
Fuck me.
NEWSCASTER:
In addition
to Congressman Brody's
taped message,
the militant group released
the following statement,
claiming responsibility
for the attack.
(speaking Arabic)
TRANSLATOR:
The demise of al-Qaeda
is a myth.
For every action,
there is a reaction.
Just as you lay waste
to our nation, we lay waste
to yours, God willing.
And nothing is too great
for God.
Give me your phone.
The minute you reach out
to your family--
the second-- they'll be
on us like bloodhounds.
(phone ringing)
SAUL:
Hello?
Saul.
Thank God.
Mira.
You know, I-I've been
trying you for hours. I...
(sighs)
Are you... are you okay?
I'm okay.
(sighs)
We've been watching.
I-It's so terrible.
Awful.
So y-you weren't there?
No.
And, um, is Carrie...
is... is she all right?
Gone.
Oh, Saul. I...
I know.
I'm gonna come back.
Yes.
Please.
WOMAN:
...this was a terrorist attack.
They only released...
(sighs)
(crickets chirping)
(car approaching)
CARRIE:
The border's in a few miles.
Yeah. We driving over?
There's a fire road
about a mile before.
It's better to cross on foot in
the forest where there's cover.
Then what?
A hike to Lake Selby.
It's about 20 miles.
June has a summer
cabin there.
Okay.
Here's the road.
(car door shuts)
Back in the woods.
(sighs)
It seems to be our place.
So...
You're not coming, are you?
I'm...
(sighs)
I want to.
I was going
to, but I...
I can't now.
We came so close.
It can still happen.
One day.
Yeah?
I'm gonna clear your name,
Brody.
Carrie.
You got me here.
That's more than you
ever had to do.
Hey, you're talking
in the past tense.
Whatever happens or doesn't...
It will!
This was love.
You and me.
But it's not good-bye.
Okay.
What, you don't believe me?
However it hurts the least.
Oh, my God.
Why do I feel like this?
'Cause you gave it up to me.
Completely.
(whispers):
Good-bye, love.
(sighs)
Check with TEDAC to make sure
the bomb residue
from Congressman Brody's car...
(sighs)
...matches the C-4 taken out
of the...
tailor shop in Gettysburg.
That'll give us
a place to start.
(Saul reciting the Kaddish)
CARRIE (echoing):
Saul.
(footfalls approaching)